	I forgot to delete my notes/comments on my last commit and can delete them if need be.  I just didn't want to have more code commits after the 3 hour window to complete the assignment.  The code added to my reagent template is under cljs/falcon_sample_thurmond/core.cljs.  I also added some bootstrap css in handler.clj.  The code is architected with a web form that takes in user input with a text field and a search button. The search button fires off a web request to the open-cage api to get the lat-longs for the city and then feeds the open-cage response coordinates to another get request for the dark-sky api.
	If I were going to do this project again, I would do some things different.  Even though this is a client facing app, I wanted to preload the pre-defined city list on the page load.  I'm just not familiar with the reitit-ring library and struggled to get this to work so I swapped to parsing the json client side.  Second, I think I would use cljs-http and core.async instead of doing my function calls, logic and state change in the success handlers for the GET requests from ajax.core library.  This way I could used the response from the cljs-http to do my logic in the on-click handler for the search button.  Lastly, I should have studied the api docs from dark-sky and open-cage a little more before starting the project.  This would have saved me some time when getting the desired data from the response for each request.

Here are somethings the project is missing:
1) The date/day of the week for each day of the weather.  You can get this from the "time" or "sunriseTime" key from the dark-sky response.  I was unable to complete this before time ran out.  I was using js/Date but reflecting back, I would pull in moment.js library and get the date from the integer value tied to “time”
2) I would add a spinner nested in a re-frame modal panel after the user clicks search so the user knows that the weather search is running
3) Better error handling from the dark-sky and open-cage get request error handlers
4) Replace spaces with '+' for the open-cage get request.  The program appears to still work
5) Investigate other ways of matching user input for the city compared to the pre-defined list.  You could concatenate the values for :name and :subcountry.  This could cause an issue for search errors where if someone, for example, types in Boise, ID instead of Boise, Idaho the request to open-cage would fail.
